[Joy] Miscellaneous fixes (#33750)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/joy/components/radio/radio.md

## Common examples

### Alignment buttons

> Simply provide an icon as a label to the `Radio` to make the radio buttons concise. You need to provide `aria-label` to the input slot for users who rely on screen readers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this example, we're using an icon as a label making the `Radio` component concise. 
Note that we're also using a meaningful `aria-label` on the input slot, ensuring proper accessibility.
```

{{"demo": "ExampleAlignmentButtons.js"}}

### Payment methods

> Mix radio buttons with the [`List`](/joy-ui/react-list/)-related components to create a commonly seen vertical or horizontal payment method list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we mixed radio buttons with [`List`](/joy-ui/react-list/)-related components to create a vertical or horizontal radio button list, commonly seen in payment method sort of forms.
```
